Update stereotype docs (#2547)
gaphor/gaphor: docs/stereotypes.md

will appear in the editor.

![Stereotype usage example](images/stereotype-usage.png)

## Creating a profile

In SysML extending the profile using stereotypes is often required to tailor the model to
your needs. For example, creating Customer vs System requirements.

### To add a profile to your model:

* Create a package called `profile` this can be done by right clicking in the left hand column.
* Switch modelling language to the UML profile (top of left hand menu drop down)
* Within the package create a profile diagram (prf)
* Add a profile element to the diagram
* Add a meta-class element to the diagram, within the profile.
* Add a stereotype element to the diagram, within the profile.

> * Name the meta class after the base element you want to create your stereotype from,
>   * then connect using the generalization relationship
> * OR,
> * Connect using the generalization relationship and select the base element from the drop down menu on the right hand side.
>   * In this case only UML elements can be used as base elements.

Reviewer: This text looks a bit off on the docs.

I suggest:

```suggestion
* Connect meta-class and stereotype with an Extension relation. The head should be attached to the class. As soon as the Extension is connected, the class will get a stereotype _metaclass_ assigned.

With the meta-class and stereotype placed on the diagram, either:

* Double-click the meta-class and name it after the base element you want to create your stereotype from.
* Select the base element from the drop down menu in the Property Editor on the right hand side. In this case only UML elements can be used as base elements.
```
